Passage Through Mirkwood - random Stage 3? "Don't Leave the Path!" or Beorn's Path
Escape from Dol Guldur - captured hero
Flight from Moria - victory by Blocked by Shadow or Escape from Darkness
The Watcher in the Water - victory condition
Foundations of Stone - which Stage 4 did you get? Old One Lair, The Shivering Bank, The Endless Caves, Sheltered Rocks
Into Ithilien - which was your second stage? Southron Counter-attack or The Hidden Way
The Steward's Fear - which plot? Unholy Alliance, Up in Flames, or Poisoned Counsels
	which villain? Daughter of Berúthiel, The Hand of Castamir, or Telemnar's Bane
Encounter at Amon Dîn - how many rescued/killed?
Assault on Osgiliath - chosen enemy? Haradrim Elite, Lieutenant of Mordor, Mûmak, Orc Arbalesters, Orc Vanguard, Southron Mercenaries, Uruk Lieutenant, Uruk Soldier, Southron Phalanx, Southron Commander, Invading Orc
	chosen unique location? West Gate, The King's Library, Ancient Harbor, The Old Bridge
The Fords of Isen - chosen Dunland enemy? (stages 1, 2, and 3) Dunland Prowler, Dunlending Bandit, Dunland Raider, Dunland Tribesman, Dunland Chieftain, Dunland Berserker
To Catch an Orc - which mountain location? Methedras, Orc Cave, Mugash's Lair
Into Fangorn - which Huorn enemy? Dark-Hearted Huorn, Angry Huorn, or Deadly Huorn
The Dunland Trap - which Boar Clan enemy? (stages 1 and 2) Boar Clan Stalker, Boar Clan Warrior
The Three Trials - 3 choices: The Trial of Strength, The Trial of Perseverance, or The Trial of Intuition
	corresponding Guardians and locations for each: Hill Barrow, Cave Barrow, or Stone Barrow --- and Boar's Guardian, Wolf's Guardian, or Raven's Guardian
Trouble in Tharbad - ending threat elimination level
Nin-in-Eilph - which location? Fen of Reeds, Finger of Glanduin, Hidden Eyot, or Sinking Bog
Celebrimbor's Secret - which Ost-in-Edhil location? Ruined Plaza, Collapsed Tower, Ancient Foundation, or City Remains 
The Antlered Crown - which Raven enemy? Raven Warrior or Raven Skirmisher
Intruders in Chetwood - which location? Chetwood Forest, Borders of Bree-Land, Outlying Homestead, Rugged Country, or Shrouded Hills
Escape from Mount Gram - starter hero, drawn hero, captured hero(?)
Across the Ettenmoors - which side quest? Lost in the Wilderness, Make Camp, Lie Low, Forage for Food, or Scavenge for Supplies
	which safe location? Secluded Cave, The Hoarwell, Abandoned Camp, or Patch of Woods
Ship Objectives (changed for solo) Dream-chaser, Dawn Star, Nárelenya, or Silver Wing
Voyage Across Belegaer - which ship? 
	victory condition? no ship enemies in play or escape with progress
Flight of the Stormcaller - which ship? winning stage? Full Sail Ahead!, The Weather Turns Foul, or The Cape of Andrast
	win by? catching up or defeating Stormcaller
The Thing in the Depths - which ship? additional loss condition: too high ship location threat
A Storm on Cobas Haven - which ship? win condition? Break Through the Fleet! or Raider Flagship destroyed
	which ship enemy (2 if 3-4 players)? Scouting Ship, Light Cruiser, Corsair Warship, Corsair Skirmisher, Siege Ship, or Heavy Cruiser
City of Corsairs - which enemy and which ship? NEED TO CHECK THE CARDS/MANUAL
Escape from Umbar - which location? Narrow Alleyway, Umbar Street, Umbar Square, Port of Harad, or Haradrim Estate
Desert Crossing - ending Temperature
The Long Arm of Mordor - which objective Hero? Kahliel, Firyal, Yazan, or Jubayr
	order of Heroes rescued
The Mûmakil - which location? Jungle Trail, Forest Clearing, Dense Jungle, or Mûmak Trail
	which trap? Horse-hair Lasso, Poisoned Spear, Pit Trap, or Noose of Vines
Race Across Harad - which location? Towering Dunes, Desert Oasis, Expanse of Harad, Blistering Erg, or Harad Road
	loss condition: orcs caught up 
Over the Misty Mountains Grim - which treasure selected? Sting, Glamdring, Orcrist
***The Lonely Mountain - which treasures? Mithril Shirt, The Arkenstone, Thrór's Battle Axe, Thrór's Golden Cup, or Thrór's Hunting Bow
Battle of Five Armies - order of stages cleared? The Eastern Spur, Battle in the Dale, or The Defense of Ravenhill
Flight to the Ford - how much life left on the Ring-bearer?
The Ring Goes South - Elrond's Council choice? Played for 0 cost, Added to hand, discarded, or shuffled into deck
	beginning choice? Shuffle Lust for the Ring into the deck or raise threat by 5
Journey in the Dark - which location? Mines of Moria, Many-pillared Hall, Darkened Stairway, or Ancient Guardroom
	damage tokens left on Doom, Doom, Doom?
	hero discarded to The Great Bridge?
Breaking of the Fellowship - which stage 3 chosen? Searching the Woods, Guard the Hobbits, The Seat of Amon Hen, or Orc Hunting
The Uruk-hai - chosen captive hero?
	ending pursuit value?
	chosen Uruk-hai enemy? Uglúk, Grishnákh, Uglúk's Uruk-hai, Isengard Uruk, Uruk-hai Fighter, or Snaga
Helm's Deep - choice? Poisoned Counsels or advance to stage 2A
	loss condition: The Wall is Breached! explored
The Road to Isengard - how many Objective Ents in play?
	loss condition: 0 cards in hand
The Passage of the Marshes - which location? Evil-smelling fens, Shifting Quagmire, Haunted Mere, Stagnant Pools, or Soft Mires
	which undead enemy? Groping Dead, Dead Things, or Candle-bearer
Journey to the Cross-roads - which location? (only for 2+) Southward Road, Foothills of Ephel Dúath, Ithilien Woods, or Hills of Ithilien
The Passing of the Grey Company - how many extra resources? 
	which location? Dark Door, Trysting Place, Deadly Road, or Haunted Path
	did you remove Overcome by Fear by threat raising?
The Siege of Gondor - which Ship Location? Great Corsair Ship, Umbar War Galley, or Corsair Dromon
The Battle of Pelennor Fields - which enemy? The Black Serpent, War Mûmak, Southron Champion, Morgul Captain, Orc of the Eye, or Mordor Orc
The Massing at Osgiliath - Snaga Scouts, Wolves from Mordor, or Wainriders
The Battle of Lake-town - ending damage on Lake-town
The Old Forest - starting location choice? Misleading Path, Deep Gulley, Strange Woods, Wall of Trees, or Oppressive Forest
Murder at the Prancing Pony - which Brigand enemy (2+ only)? Lawless Ruffian, Greenway Footpad, or Chetwood Outlaw
	which Suspect? Todd the Troll, Susie the Spider, Wolf-pelt Jake, Johnny Goblin-fingers, or Old Orc-eyes
	which Hideout? Bill Ferny's House, Staddle Hiding Hole, Combe Storehouse, Archet Trading Post, or Chetwood Campsite
ALL Siege of Annuminas stuff